NARRATOR:
Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
JAX:
Is Tara divorcing me?
And taking my sons?
Yes.
The pregnancy, was it a lie?
Tara was just trying to--
JAX:
Get out!
I'm sorry.
TARA: You are not sorry.
Do you know why you're
not capable of being a mother?
Because you're a coward.
What is that
supposed to mean?
Means you're a stupid,
weak junkie.
Galen let me know
the offer for me
to be the distributor's
on the table.
They wanna spring me.
Take down the transport
that's bringing me
to my hearing in two weeks.
Clay's trial
has been moved up.
They're transporting him
tomorrow.
Complicates our plan.
Gonna need some help.
We're not part
of taking down that transport.
GALEN:
We both need this to happen.
Moves guns forward for us,
puts them behind you.
JAX:
I'm here to make you an offer.
Galen O'Shay.
I will deliver him
with a shipment of guns.
Open and shut.
What's in it for you?
Immunity.
For the MC, for all gun charges.
Wendy.
Looks like she was trying
to get herself in rehab.
Wayne, pack her a bag.
Where are we going?
GEMMA:
Home, sweetheart.
I want your deal.
I'm sorry, that deal's
no longer on the table.
There are other things
pending.
If you fear for the safety
of you and your boys,
I can help.
No, you can't.
TODDLER:
Ha, ha.
MAN:
Shh.
[THOMAS COOING]
Come here. Good boy.
Yeah.
Should we go check on Abel?
Let's go check on Abel.
[PAPER RUSTLING]
Where is he?
Work.
Can you please wait outside
so I can feed my son?
Sure.
When I drop them off
at day care,
who do you watch then?
You. But no day care.
Jax doesn't want them
at St. Thomas anymore.
This is
the immunity agreement.
It covers everyone in
or associated with the MC.
And Tara's deal.
As promised.
No jail time.
Now, they're both signed
and approved.
They don't get executed
until you deliver Galen O'Shay
and the guns.
There's an old
maintenance warehouse
on the west-end docks,
Kilmer Pier.
They closed it down
a few years back.
I know it.
That's the drop.
Galen will be there
with the guns
sometime between 11 and 1.
With how many people?
Ten, maybe a dozen guys.
They're gonna be cautious
and very well armed.
Okay.
We'll talk after it's done.
You handle this
with the sheriffs?
Or you bringing in feds
and local?
That's none of your concern.
Think that helped?
I don't know.
Least I'll know I tried.
Yeah, you did.
[DOOR CLOSES]
How's she doing?
Well, she's asleep now.
You know, all this stuff
you're doing for her, great.
Great.
[GEMMA CLEARS THROAT]
Mama.
Wendy's got to get herself
into a rehab.
I know.
I'll make the calls.
We have rough history,
me and her.
I was just trying to help her
more than hurt her.
Hmm.
For a change.
Hey,
you think any of this mercy
might ever be able to spill over
into Tara's cup?
She's the mother
of your grandson, Gem.
Come on, that shit
ain't never gonna change.
I can't go there.
Oh. See, that deep "mm"
I get it.
I know it.
My ex,
that bitch was shooting junk
the whole time
she was pregnant.
And the pain
that Lucius has to live with,
that's on her.
Okay, and I can chew that hate
that I feel for her.
She's dead.
You're not.
Yeah, but I'm the one
that's still gotta live
with all that shit.
Because I never made it right
when she was alive.
I can't forgive her, Nero.
Not now.
Okay.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]
♪ Riding through this world
All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's path
Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye ♪
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING INDISTINCTLY
OVER SPEAKERS]
Uncle T!
Hey there, little monster.
[UNSER CHUCKLES]
Hey.
Um, I have to go meet
my new lawyer.
Would you mind watching them
for a bit?
Apparently I'm not allowed to
take them to day care anymore.
Yeah. Of course.
Oh, boy.
You're getting heavy.
Where's Gemma?
Uh, she ain't here yet.
Okay.
Thank you.
WOMAN:
Come with me, big boy.
Hey, Tara.
I'm sorry
the way all this went down.
I know your heart
was in the right place.
Unfortunately, where my heart is
matters very little.
She seems really sad.
Lot of that going around.
It's not gonna get any better,
is it?
Not today, Chucky.
Lowen brought me up to speed
on everything,
both on and off the record.
Good.
If there's anything that
maybe she didn't know about,
now would be a good time
to tell me.
No.
Okay.
I'm prepared
to execute the divorce
and custody paperwork.
But you need to understand
the risk here, Dr. Knowles.
These transcripts
about your husband,
if we use them to get custody
of your boys,
he'll have the right
to tell his side of it.
Makes it public record.
The DA can use that
in the Pamela Toric trial.
What does that do?
The biggest part of our defense
is your credibility.
If the DA finds out
about the doubts
regarding the miscarriage,
they'll dig in to get the truth.
If what they find
comes back unfavorable,
I lose my defense.
So I have to choose?
My boys or my freedom?
There's no guarantee
of either,
but, essentially, yes,
I guess that's true.
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Gentlemen.
JAX:
These for us?
CONNOR:
Aye.
I'm just making sure
they're untraceable.
Just make sure they run.
CONNOR:
They do.
Even filled the tanks.
JAX:
Tig, check them.
Yeah, you got it.
Montez, West.
Where's Galen?
He's meeting us
at the hangar.
That's where we're storing
the guns for Clay.
JAX:
Galen bringing the shipment
with him?
After the takedown,
me and Hugh go to the barn,
we'll pick it up,
we'll meet you at the hangar.
Is he all you got?
I'm all you need.
We got Neil positioned
outside the prison.
He's our eyes on the road.
So how we doing this?
CONNOR:
I'll walk you through it.
JAX:
Tig.
Tiggy.
Stay.
You guys, go help them out.
We know the route,
the crew and the trucks.
It'll be clean,
fast and easy.
We're gonna need .50 cals?
We have to smash through
some bulletproof glass.
Is that the fast
or easy part?
CONNOR:
I've done this before, lads.
BOBBY:
You have?
CHIBS:
Aye. Twice.
Local cage in Armagh.
Then you sprung Harper from,
where was it, Magilligan?
Aye. Clay'll be loading up
in about an hour.
His transport will run through
the east end, onto Fremont.
Neil will confirm
when it leaves.
Clay will be
in an iron wagon.
With a lead and follow car.
Six to eight men.
Heavily armed.
We're in four
different delivery trucks.
Different colors,
different jobs.
Two men in each.
Point A is here,
access road off of Fremont.
We park and we wait.
Lot of trucks
are coming and going,
so it'll look
like business as usual.
When we get the call
on the approach,
we enter Fremont
at point B, here.
We'll have a clear sight line
of the traffic,
both north, south,
wide open.
Do you got it?
[BATTLEME & THE FOREST RANGERS'
"I SEE THROUGH YOU" PLAYING]
♪ Turn around and fill me up ♪
♪ Make me lose my mind
From getting enough ♪
♪ Just tell my man that I
I'm doing fine ♪
♪ He's got blood on his hands
And I'm doing fine ♪
♪ And I said free your mind ♪
♪ I said ♪
♪ I see through you ♪
♪ I'm doing time, I said ♪
♪ Just tell my man
I can see in the sky ♪
♪ The tears hang low from my
My baby's eyes ♪
♪ I said free your mind ♪
♪ She said free your mind ♪
♪ She said, said
Said, said, said ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
Give it an hour or so,
then head back to T-M.
You got it, brother.
Yeah, we'll keep them
entertained.
You ready?
Yeah.
Ready.
♪ I see through you ♪
Why are we pink?
Come on, Tiggy,
you love pink.
♪ Just turn it up
Or kick me out ♪
♪ I'm gonna drive out west
Where the mountains shout ♪
♪ Just tell my man that I
I'm doing fine ♪
♪ He's got blood on his hands
And I'm doing mine ♪
♪ I said I'm doing time ♪
♪ And I said I'm doing time ♪
♪ And I said free your mind ♪
♪ And I said ♪
ROOSEVELT:
All right, we got four of them.
Teller's not there,
but I recognize two of them.
It's Samcro.
Looks like it's real.
All units, we have confirmation.
Stand by, over.
Irish aren't gonna go down
without a fight.
We've got three tacticals
ready to close in.
If they resist,
they're fools.
How do you think
this goes down?
Forty sheriffs,
dozen Irish soldiers,
lots of guns.
Only one way it can go down.
[POP MUSIC PLAYING INDISTINCTLY
OVER SPEAKERS]
[DOOR OPENS]
Look at my hardworking boys.
Tara had a lawyer thing.
GEMMA:
Yeah, I know. Rat called me.
CHUCK:
Miller.
[CHUCK WHISTLES
THEN SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
How's Wendy?
She's hurting.
Nero's keeping an eye
on her.
I'm thinking I'm gonna
take the boys over there.
Might do her some good
to see Abel.
Not sure how good
it'll do Abel.
Hey.
GEMMA:
He's gonna find out
sooner or later
who his mom really is.
So's he.
Yeah.
I guess that's true.
Me helping Tara, you do know
it was all about them.
I know.
Which is still the case.
If Tara gets off,
all this shit that's gone down,
she's still their mom.
What does that look like?
That's Jax's call.
And if she goes away,
what happens to them?
And don't give me all that
"club and family" rhetoric.
I'm talking about the day-to-day
of it, Gemma.
Who takes care of them?
I do.
Really?
You think you're up to that?
You saying I'm too old?
I'm saying being a grandma
and being a mom
are two different jobs.
I'm aware of the burden,
Wayne.
Come here, baby.
There we go.
What about the burden
on them?
Opie, Half-Sack, Phil.
They're all somebody's sons.
If their mothers had a chance
to do it over again,
lead them
in a different direction...
There are no second chances,
Wayne.
We get one shot
at loving and raising our kids.
I'm gonna do this right.
I have no doubt
that you could raise these boys.
I know
how much you love them.
But you got to realize
this isn't 1967 anymore,
sweetheart.
This life,
it ain't romantic or free.
There's no path
to anything that makes sense.
It's just dirty and sad.
And we both know
it's only gonna get worse.
I'm going to get Abel.
Hey.
If you really
don't want these boys here,
why are you still
helping me?
For the same reason
I find myself still here.
No matter what the upset
or damage.
Because I love you.
I'm in love with you.
Hey, Juice.
You here?
Yeah.
I'm not having
a breakdown, man.
I didn't think you were.
Chibs
and some of the other guys,
I know they're worried.
Should they be?
No.
Just feels different.
I feel different.
Yeah, I get that.
I gotta feel like I'm doing
something right, Jax.
Not like "right or wrong"
kind of right.
But I gotta feel like I'm...
Like you're one
of the good guys.
Yeah.
I used to know
how to find some of that.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
You still can.
Yeah.
CONNOR:
Neil called.
Only one chaser. Five total.
Come on, let's go.
Okay.
That was Connor.
They're en route.
Transport,
only one follow vehicle.
Five guys.
Cool.
[TRUCK HORN HONKING]
Here we go.
[LEOPOLD AND HIS FICTION'S
"COWBOY" PLAYING]
♪ Yeah ♪
After this, brother, it's all
white hats and tight pussy.
♪ Yeah ♪
Yeah.
♪ When I was a cowboy
Out on the Western plains ♪
♪ I made a half a million
Putting on the bridle reins ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
TIG:
There they are.
Follow and a transport.
BOBBY:
Let's do this.
Come on, baby, let's do it.
I suddenly feel the need
for speed.
BOBBY:
Do it.
JENKINS:
Holy shit, they got hit.
HAYES:
Code 3. Our follow vehicle
has been in a collision.
We have an 1199 in progress.
Requesting immediate backup.
Officers down.
TIG:
They're still breathing.
There's Connor.
Let's go, let's go.
Move it, move it.
It's an ambush.
What do we do?
You want my advice?
Shut up, asshole.
Follow protocol, Jenkins,
and drive.
TIG:
Shut the door.
Let's move it.
Let's go. Go, go, go.
♪ When your house sets on fire
And there ain't no one around ♪
Hold on, brother.
Shit.
HAYES:
This is 040.
We are under attack.
This is an all-units call.
We need everybody at our 20 now.
Let him out.
No one gets hurt.
JENKINS:
Who the hell are they, Morrow?
Angels sent by the god
of justice.
Well, I got news for you,
shithead. This thing's a tank.
TIG:
Guns on the hood now!
Open the door.
Give me your keys now.
Here.
JAX:
Take it. Get out. Get out.
JENKINS:
All right, all right, I'm out.
♪ Yeah ♪
Where the hell
are the Irish?
In Ireland.
Hey, they're leaving.
The MC, they're headed out
empty-handed.
We just got
an all-units request.
Someone's taking down a prisoner
transport on East Fremont.
Who's the prisoner?
Clay Morrow.
We need to move out.
Let's go.
OFFICER 2:
All right, you heard him.
ROOSEVELT:
Pulling our resources
to the other side of town.
Son of a bitch.
Yeah.
JAX:
All right, let's go.
Come on, move.
TIG:
Come on, come on.
CHIBS:
Back it up, move it.
Come on, let's go.
[GROANS]
JAX:
Shit!
Hayes!
Shit.
How bad is it?
Well, the vest took one.
But his shoulder's bad.
This is way beyond me,
brother.
You okay?
Yeah.
Clay, wardrobe upgrade.
I'm sorry.
That cop
was gonna keep shooting.
I know.
Just head to the airstrip.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
You can't get that close
to the stove right now, okay?
You have to be careful.
NERO:
Who's at the door?
Hi.
TARA:
Hey.
Come on in.
ABEL:
Mommy.
Oh! Hey.
What you doing there, buddy?
Making lunch for Wendy.
She's sick.
That's nice of you.
NERO:
Abel, maybe you're gonna grow up
and be a doctor
like your mom someday.
Mm.
[PHONE RINGS]
Hello.
Yeah, she just walked in.
What's the matter?
Thanks
for looking after them.
Let's put on your shoes.
We're gonna go home now, buddy.
Hey, I'll get your shoes.
Come on. Come on over here.
Join us for lunch.
TARA:
No, thanks.
What's Wendy doing here?
Well, we couldn't get her
into rehab until next week,
so we're looking out for her
till then.
Might be a good idea
for a doctor
to take a look at her.
Yeah, you should get one.
I don't have a license
to practice.
GEMMA:
Doesn't matter. That was Jax.
He's been trying
to get ahold of you.
Come here, darling.
I want you to go on and
get your new books
out of Grandma's room.
You can show Mom. Go on.
Bobby's been shot. It's bad.
NERO:
What happened?
I'll tell you
on the way over.
Come on. We gotta go.
So, what, we just pretend
nothing happened,
and I'm mob doctor again?
Well, I'm willing to pretend
if it's gonna save his life.
Bobby's gonna die.
Jesus Christ. All right.
I need to go by my house
and pick up my bag.
Hey, I got them. Come here.
Come on, bub. Oh.
All right. I'll be back
in a little bit, baby.
Wayne's gonna look
after you guys, okay?
I'm sorry.
Hey, where's my lunch?
I thought you were making
macaroni and cheese.
Come on. Let's go do this.
Copy that.
They're in position.
Trucks weren't registered.
No VIN numbers.
We're still canvassing the area
looking for wits, cameras,
anything that we can find.
What did Jenkins
have to say?
Eight to 10 masked males.
Assault weapons.
They got away in two trucks.
Hayes got off a few shots
into one of them
as they were driving away.
Before they ran him over.
We alerted the hospitals
in the area.
Do you want me
to round up the MC?
Not yet.
I need to reevaluate
my options.
All right.
How's it look?
I stopped the bleeding.
But it's bad.
All right,
Tara will be here soon.
Stay with Bobby.
You got it.
Thank you, brother.
For today.
MAN:
He's ready for you.
GALEN:
Gentlemen.
Thank you, Galen.
The gratitude is mine,
friend.
We have a lot of work to do,
you and I.
Mm-hm.
Good job, Jackson.
Jesus Christ.
We had a vote.
Decided this had to happen.
[CAR HORN HONKING]
Tara and Gemma.
Let them in.
Shut the door.
How is this gonna play out
with Nero, Gemma and Tara?
Same way.
Get an ETA on Connor.
CHIBS:
Aye.
JAX:
Bobby's in the truck.
GEMMA:
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, I need some help.
Juice.
[BOBBY COUGHING]
Help Tara.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Is everybody else okay?
Yeah.
NERO:
Gemma.
Didn't think I'd see you
this soon.
Guess I'm just lucky.
They carting you off
to Belfast?
I don't think so.
I thought that was the plan.
I think
there's another plan.
I'm glad you're not alone,
Gem.
Gemma tell you?
Coming home.
Now you know everything,
brother.
I wish I didn't.
This your way
of getting out of guns?
Taking down a prison transport,
killing a sheriff?
Because this shit
is all over the news, mano.
It's more than that.
More? Really?
I don't know if I can take
much more, Jax.
What do you think?
It's serious.
I need surgical tools.
That slug's in deep.
There's some shards of glass
that are really close
to the nerve.
We have to stabilize him.
I can't do it here.
We'll take him to the cabin.
Okay. I need to go by St. Thomas
and get some supplies.
Connor's 15 minutes out.
So, what happens now, pres?
We settle with the Irish.
Hmm.
And how do we do that
with three dead bodies?
How would you do it?
Well...
I mean, smart plan
would be to blame it
on a bad relationship.
You know, two guys
with some history
get into a beef.
One thing leads to another.
Couldn't be helped.
Sounds about right.
So I guess you had another vote
I wasn't privy to.
Yeah, we did.
This time, it was unanimous.
Fair enough.
Let's go.
This good?
Yeah.
[GUNSHOT]
[GRUNTS]
[WHIMPERING]
[GUNSHOTS]
You okay?
Yeah.
I'll take her to St. Thomas,
get what she needs.
Take her up to the cabin.
Thanks.
Now I know what you meant
by "more."
I'm glad you were here.
What went down today was us
burying the last piece
of a very broken past.
What you and me
are doing together,
that's Samcro's future.
I'll see you up there.
Thank you.
You sure you
don't need us here?
No. Get Bobby
up to the cabin.
I'll meet you up there.
Connor will be here
any minute, brother.
Yeah.
That shit with Clay.
I didn't know.
They voted that?
Yeah.
A few months ago,
Clay killed Piney Winston.
One of the original members.
Then he ordered the cartel
to kill me.
Because I knew what he did
to John Teller.
Jax stopped them,
but that's how my hand
got crushed.
Ruined my career.
Jesus.
Clay Morrow should've been dead
a long time ago.
[SOBBING]
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I hated him so much.
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Hello.
Dr. Knowles, Tyne Patterson.
I need to speak with you.
About what?
The Sons of Anarchy.
Can you meet me at my office?
Uh, no.
Your office, then.
At the hospital.
Okay.
I'm on my way.
That Jax?
No.
Lawyers.
GEMMA:
Sorry, I know that's probably--
You okay?
Yeah.
Thanks.
[CAR HORN HONKING]
Yeah?
JAX:
Go.
CHIBS:
Looks good, Jackie.
Yeah?
Come on. Pull it in here.
Stop.
Where's all your men?
Took Bobby
to get patched up.
Oh. He gonna make it?
Aye.
Think so.
Galen in the office?
Yeah.
You need help
unloading the guns?
NEIL:
Appreciate it.
Yeah, sure.
Mother of Christ.
Oh, Jesus.
Easy, brother.
Let me tell you
what happened here.
Clay and Galen had some kind
of side deal.
It went bad.
They started arguing.
Clay shot Galen.
Your men ran in,
Clay dropped them too.
When he turned on us,
we had no choice.
We killed him.
What the hell did you do?
We did what we had to.
We killed the man
that killed your men.
That's what you're gonna tell
the Kings.
Did you murder them all?
You're not listening
to what I'm saying.
I am giving you
the truth you need.
The only story
that protects both of us.
Any other truth,
you look like a failure.
Clay was keeping
our gun business alive.
That still happens.
You tell Roarke
and the others
that August Marks
is their only option
in Northern Cali.
The Chinese are gonna jump
on the market
if the IRA wait
to find another distributor.
It's work with black
or lose it all.
You played me, you bastard,
didn't you?
If I did, I played you
right into the number-one slot.
It's up to you
whether you wanna stay there.
You're a smart,
decent guy, Connor.
We both know
this had to happen.
It was gonna be you and me
lying on the floor if it didn't.
They earned that blood.
So let's move past it.
So we can both go home
to our families.
The Kings will wanna know
your side of the story.
Whatever you need.
And what
if they don't believe us?
Then what?
Then we swear on a stack
of Catholic Bibles.
I'll call Belfast
in the morning.
Good.
We're gonna need to leave
the KG-9s here with the bodies.
Take the rest of the guns,
store them
in the beverage warehouse.
Why?
I need to deal
with a local problem.
I'll cover the cost
of the guns.
[SIREN WAILING]
I'll be back
as soon as I can.
That was rough, Mama.
I'm sorry.
[SIGHS]
I don't know why
I'm so goddamn sad.
Hey, good or bad,
Clay was a huge piece
of your life.
You know?
It's gonna take a minute.
He's not worth a minute.
Okay.
Where are you at
with the club?
Shouldn't I be asking?
Godfather paradox.
More distance
I try to create,
the closer I get.
Jax loves you, Nero.
I see how he looks at you.
How he listens to you.
Yeah, well,
a little too old to adopt.
You can always marry me.
No offense, Mama.
I've seen what happens
to your husbands.
It ain't pretty.
No.
It's not.
I'm so glad
you're in our lives.
Yeah.
Me too.
Thank you for coming.
What do you want?
ROOSEVELT:
Can you tell us
where you were today?
Why?
Clay Morrow didn't make it
to the county courthouse.
His transport was ambushed,
eight or nine
unknown assailants.
They killed one of our sheriffs,
injured three, two critically.
I heard. I'm sorry.
Those other complications
I had pending
are now off the table.
Which means I've decided
to take you up on your offer.
In exchange for your cooperation
against the MC,
you'll get immunity
from Pamela Toric's murder.
What about my boys?
And protection.
If you want witness protection,
it'll mean using RICO.
You'll have to provide us
with a federal crime.
Gunrunning, extortion,
murder.
Just tell us
who broke out Clay.
What would I have to do?
PATTERSON:
Provide us
with irrefutable evidence.
If I...
pulled a bullet
out of a club member
from today's shooting--
A sheriff's bullet.
--it would have DNA on it.
Would that be proof?
With your testimony, yes,
that would put the member
at the crime scene.
Prove the Sons
were responsible.
I'm gonna need more time.
PATTERSON: How much time?
At least until tomorrow.
PATTERSON:
You only have one chance
at this, doctor.
I have to go.
Gemma's waiting outside.
[DOOR CLOSES]
ROOSEVELT:
So, what do think?
I think she's in
for a very long night.
Do you want me to tail her?
PATTERSON:
No. We don't wanna put her
at risk.
I'll call up the DOJ,
dig in about getting her
Wit-Sec.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Galt division just followed up
on an anonymous tip.
Found four dead bodies
and six cases of KG-9s
in a hangar off 104.
Two of the DBs,
Clay Morrow and Galen O'Shay.
Looks like it's gonna be
a long night for everybody.
♪ Gonna ask my Lord
For my starry crown ♪
CHIBS:
Oh. Whoa, whoa, whoa.
♪ Gonna write my Lord
A letter ♪
♪ Gonna tell him ♪
♪ This world
Ain't gettin' no better ♪
That was beautiful, doc.
♪ Gonna call him on my phone ♪
TARA:
Just one more little piece and
he should be out of the woods.
♪ I lead you in my home ♪
♪ Tell heaven ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
GEMMA:
"Where was her white
frilled cap?
"And her gown and petticoat?
"And how small she had grown
and how brown.
"And covered with prickles.
Why, Mrs. Tiggywinkle
was nothing but a..."
Hedgehog.
Yeah, that's right.
NERO:
Hedgehog.
GEMMA:
"But then
how could she have found
three clean
pocket handkins?"
Why don't we finish this one
and this one?
UNSER:
Oh, sorry.
Hey.
UNSER:
Didn't mean to disturb
your story time.
Here you go.
[NERO GRUNTS]
I'll check on Wendy
one more time,
and then I'm gonna split.
Okay.
Thank you, Wayne.
Yeah. Good night.
[ABEL SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
GEMMA:
Hey, babe.
Hey.
[ABEL SPEAKS INDISTINCTLY]
♪ Tell my mother ♪
♪ Now, you tell Mother ♪
♪ I am comin' ♪
♪ I'm comin' on home ♪
♪ Home one day ♪
♪ Just tell my mother ♪
♪ Now don't she cry ♪
♪ She'll know
Her little child ♪
♪ Was born to die ♪
♪ Tell Mother ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ I am comin' ♪
♪ Hey, I'm home ♪
[GROANING]
Welcome back.
♪ I'm comin' on home ♪
CHIBS:
Tell the doc, not me.
[JUICE CHUCKLES]
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ I haven't been to heaven ♪
♪ But I've been told ♪
♪ The streets in heaven ♪
♪ They shine like gold ♪
♪ Tell heaven ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
Teller kept his promise.
Gave you Galen and the guns.
PATTERSON:
No, he didn't.
♪ One day ♪
♪ Tell heaven ♪
The deal I made didn't include
a stack of dead bodies.
♪ One day ♪
I know you didn't have
to help us today.
Thank you.
I'm just glad
he's gonna be okay.
I understand...
why you did everything
you did.
I'm sorry being with me
took you to that place.
[CURTIS STIGERS & THE FOREST
RANGERS' "THIS LIFE" PLAYING]